Add scoped value formatters (#2676)
fluentassertions/fluentassertions: docs/_pages/releases.md

* Introduced a new `Satisfy` method available to all reference types to allow for nested assertions - [#2597](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/2597)
* Added `BeNaN` and `NotBeNaN` for assertions on `float` and `double` - [#2606](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/2606)
* Added option for event monitoring to ignore failing event accessors - [#2629](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/2629)

> * Added the capability of scoped formatters - [#2676](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/2676)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the capability of associating `IValueFormatter`s to a (nested) `AssertionScope` - [#2676](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/2676)
```
